add check_gitlab_runner_jobs (#11)
telekom-mms/monitoring-checks: check-plugins/check_gitlab_runner_jobs/README.md

# Check Gitlab Runner Jobs

> This script is an icinga2 monitoring check to check how many jobs are in a given state per runner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This icinga2 monitoring-script checks how many jobs are in a given state per runner
```
